docs: document `client.alloc_mounts_dir` configuration (#23733)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/configuration/client.mdx

  `"/opt/nomad/alloc"`. This must be an absolute path. Nomad will create the
  directory on the host, if it does not exist when the agent process starts.

- `alloc_mounts_dir` `(string: "")` - Specifies the directory to use for binding
  mounts for the [unveil file isolation mode][unveil]. When this parameter is

>   empty, Nomad will generate the path as a sibling of the [top-level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  empty, Nomad generates the path as a sibling of the [top-level
```
present tense

  `data_dir`][top_level_data_dir], with the name `alloc_mounts`. For example, if

>   the `data_dir` is `/opt/nomad/data`, then the alloc mounts directory will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the `data_dir` is `/opt/nomad/data`, then the alloc mounts directory is
```
